docs: Fix remaining line-length issues (#18939)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/developers/REVIEWS.md

and/or respond in case there is anything unclear. Maintainers will add the
`waiting for response` tag to PRs to make it clear we are waiting on the
submitter for updates.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If there is no activity on a pull request or the contributor does not respond
> after the tag was added, our bot will automatically close the PR after two
> weeks! If you expect a longer period of inactivity or you want to abandon a
> pull request, please let us know.

> In case you still want to continue with the PR, please drop a note in the PR

Reviewer: Process change ("feel free to reopen it" -> "please drop a note in the PR so we can reopen it") is unrelated to line length. Either keep the original wording or mention the process update in the PR description.

Author: Adapted PR description as users cannot reopen PRs currently due to permissions.

The config file is the primary interface and should be carefully scrutinized.

Ensure the example configuration and [README](/plugins/inputs/EXAMPLE_README.md)
match with the current standards.

READMEs should:

- be spaces, not tabs
- be indented consistently, matching other READMEs
- have two `#` for comments

> - have one `#` for optional options with the value being the default

Reviewer: This bullet changes meaning, not just wrapping. The previous text said # must always match the plugin's default value; the new text says # is for optional options. These aren't equivalent. If the rule change is intentional, please call it out in the PR body; otherwise restore the original guidance:
```suggestion
- have one `#` for defaults, which should always match the default value of the plugin
```

Author: Changed PR description. Well `#` _is_ for optional settings only; you should never comment a mandatory setting. So I think the new text is more comprehensive but your mileage may vary. :-)

- include all appropriate types as a list for enumerable field types
- include a useful example, avoiding "example", "test", etc.
- include tips for any common problems

> - include example output from the plugin if the plugin outputs data

Reviewer: "if the plugin outputs data" is vaguer than the original enumeration. The old wording told contributors exactly which plugin types it applied to. Suggest keeping the explicit list:
```suggestion
- include example output for input, processor, aggregator, parser, and serializer plugins
```

Author: The problem with "explicit" is that it gets out-of-sync. For example we don't expect this for serializers necessarily so the requirements are already vague...
